---
layout: post
title: Vegan Lie (2022-2023)
date: 2023-02-01 00:00 +0000
---
Maria had been starving our daughter in 2022, and lied to numerous people, saying that our daughter was starving because I had put our daughter on a vegan diet. This was a monstrous lie, told to deflect blame from herself and put it onto me. She didn't care at all that she was starving our daughter, she just didn't want to be blamed.

On February 7, 2023, our daughter was diagnosed by Patricia Woods, FNP at Prairie Family Medicine with “Failure to Thrive in Childhood” for being malnourished. Maria told Prairie Family Medicine, Lakeside Pediatric & Adolescent Medicine, PLLC (“Lakeside Pediatrics”), the Idaho Department of Health and Welfare (“IDHW”), and Dr. Christopher Laviola that I forced our daughter to be on a vegan diet, in order to blame me for our daughter's malnourishment and “failure to thrive” diagnosis. 

I have never made our daughter vegan or vegetarian, nor have I ever been vegan or vegetarian. 

On 2/7/2024, Maria filed “Respondent’s Response to Petitioner’s First Set of Discovery Requests to Respondent” in Newlin v. Newlin in Kootenai County Magistrate Court (case. No. CV28-23-2348) (“Divorce Case”) (Refer to Complaint Exhibit 3):

> “INTERROGATORY NO. 13: VEGAN DIET. Do you believe that James Newlin ever forced you or your children to be on a vegan diet? If so, what facts or evidence are you basing that belief on.

> ANSWER: No.” 

Maria texted my mother Giovanna Robertson on or about February 7, 2023: “...I lied to the doctor and said we are basically vegan.”

1. STATEMENT 1: On 11/18/2022 Maria took our daughter to Prairie Family Medicine alone. The medical records from that date recorded the following: “Father is opposed to adding dairy or meat to her diet” and “Limited diet primarily of beans, vegetables, and breast milk.” On that date our daughter was diagnosed with “Inappropriate diet and eating habits.” This report also noted: “Poor growth-showed mom growth chart. Mother concerned that this was due to dietary restrictions imposed by husband.” The medical report from Prairie Family Medicine on 2/7/2023 notes the following diagnoses: (1) Active Problems & Conditions: R62.0 - Delayed Milestones Languages Speech, R62.51 - Failure to Thrive in Childhood, Z72.4 - Inappropriate Diet and Eating Habits. In addition the following was recorded: “Mother had initially stated at 11/18/22 visit, that the patient’s Father was opposed to any meats or dairy in her diet when she was in clinic at 21 months.” (Refer to Exhibit 1)

2. STATEMENT 2: On 2/17/2023 Maria and I took our daughter for an appointment at Prairie Family Medicine. Maria continued to insist that I made our daughter vegan. The report noted, “Has been vegan per father’s request…” The report listed active problems & conditions as “Failure to Thrive in Childhood” and “Inappropriate Diet and Eating Habits” and “Delayed Milestones Language Speech.” (Refer to Exhibit 1)

3. STATEMENT 3: On 2/23/2023 Maria took our daughter to a medical appointment at Lakeside Pediatrics with provider Jean M. Prince. The medical record states (Refer to Complaint Exhibit 5):
“Food has been more controlled by dad. Mom told doctor they were vegetarian or vegan. Beans, rice, and veggies. Dad talks negatively about butter, milk and eggs and complained about the price of meat. But now dad complains that he never says that.”

1. STATEMENT 4: Following our daughter’s diagnosis of “failure to thrive” on 2/7/2023, I contacted the IDHW. A report was completed by Nikki Stocking on 2/27/2023 with information provided by Karyn Crone. In this report they recorded the following from Maria (Refer to Complaint Exhibit 4): “Maria is…claiming that the father put the child on a vegan diet. The father denied this…[Maria] insists it was the father who demanded a strict vegan diet and does not allow meats or cheese in the house.”

2. STATEMENT 5: On 3/21/2023, Maria and I had a counseling appointment with Dr. Christopher Laviola, Psy.D. at Prism Psychology. At this appointment, Maria again accused me of making our daughter vegan and I denied the accusation.
