---
layout: post
title: North Idaho Family Law Attorneys
date: 2025-02-09 21:49 +0000
tags: [Dan Scheckler, Alex Poorman, Martha Roletto, Julie Doty, Alexandria Lewis, lawyers]
categories: [Professionals, Lawyers]
description: My thoughts on the terrible, corrupt, and unprofessional lawyers I interacted with
---
If you're involved in a family law case in North Idaho, my recommendation is to get a Boise attorney. I can't say I've had any attorney that is great, but the ones I've had in Boise are far better than what I've had here. 

Now my thoughts on attorneys I interacted with:

# Dan Sheckler - Sheckler Law Office PLLC

This was my first attorney. He clearly does not understand family law, doesn't pay attention to his cases, or doesn't care. I'm not sure. The biggest issue is that he told me, "if you move across the country without your daughter, don't worry, I'll file a motion and your daughter will move out." Turns out, there wasn't a chance in hell of my daughter being forced to move out. I was actually seen by the court as having abandoned my daughter.

Dan also missed all deadlines. He ignored emails even after he missed deadlines. I finally fired Dan, and he voluntarily refunded all my money.

# Alex Poorman

Alex has terrible reviews online. She's constantly switching law firms. In 2023 she was at Rude Law. Then she was at North Idaho Law Group. Now (as of 2/9/2025) she's gone out on her own. The website listed on the Idaho bar site, [www.alexpoorman.net](https://www.alexpoorman.net/), is down. She's unprofessional, unprepared, doesn't under the law, and is not someone you want to use.

She was my second attorney while she was at Rude Law. She completely threw me under the bus [in mediation]({% post_url 2025-02-09-mediation-martha-roletto %}). She told me, "if you don't sign this agreement, your wife won't let you see your child." This is absolutely insane and wrong. She never should've pushed me to sign a mediation agreement. Then after mediation when I realized it was all a trap, I tried to withdraw my signature. But Alex wanted to force me to keep my signature, and threatened to drop me if I didn't agree to keep my signature.

Alex was not advocating for me. She was advocating for the opposing party. Absolutely avoid her.

# Martha Roletto - Roletto Law, PLLC

What's important to know: Martha is biased towards women, and throws men under the bus in mediation through manipulation and lies. If you're a man and someone suggests Martha, absolutely avoid her. Do not sign any agreement written by Martha, as she will change the language agreed to in mediation, so that it will favor the woman. 

My only interaction with Martha was during mediation in Sept 2023. Check out my [previous post]({% post_url 2025-02-09-mediation-martha-roletto %}) for more details.

# Julie Doty - Amendola Doty & Brumley, PLLC

She is one of the most miserable manipulative people I have ever come across. She is widely despised in the community and among attorneys across Idaho for her nasty attitude (she's simply an asshole and a bully) and how she caries herself in court. She is absolutely making the world a worse place with how she operates. These are some things I remembered:

- Julie engaged in fraud in the inducement at a mediation in Sept 2023. She told the mediator that our agreement would last one month. She knew this was a lie to get her client a good deal. As soon as she extracted a signature from me, she completely changed. After this mediation, she would rant at the judges in numerous hearings, saying, "Your honor!! This is a permanent agreement!! We never said this was temporary!! He's trying to get out of his obligations to his child!! This is absurd!!
- There are numerous attorneys who won't take a case when Julie is opposing counsel, simply because she is such an asshole. She's not a good attorney, she's just manipulative and rude. It's making up for lack of skill. Her goal is to win, even if it ruins lives, and she has to lie and manipulate the opposing party.
- At every single hearing, she would start ranting, as if I'm the worst person in the world. I have never in my life seen such mudslinging and inappropriate behavior. That judges entertain this kind of behavior speaks volumes about how unprofessional the whole court process is.
- Julie lied to a judge saying I hadn't provided my address. She just always wanted to make me look bad with false accusations.
- Julie got up at a hearing just ranting about how dishonest I was. This was because I had made a financial estimate, pending a letter from the bank. When I got the letter from the bank, I corrected the information. Julie just gets up and starts ranting like I'm trying to rip off my ex-wife.

# Alexandria Lewis - Walsh & Lewis, PLLC

I had a phone consultation with her. She is terrible and would clearly be a nightmare to work with. I've heard that Sean Walsh is the one you want. However, Sean has stopped taking family law cases.

Alexandria gave off some harsh and negative energy, lots of victim blaming in how she talks, and plenty of pushing blame onto me for my custody outcome. Hardly knowing anything she said, "if you got a bad deal, you must not be an angel." 🙄🙄🙄Like other reviewers have said, a consultation is basically Alexandria talking at you at a machine gun pace with her opinions and assumptions about who you are with minimal listening, and wants $150 up front. Her opinions included incoherent talk about the greatness of Idaho and the family law system—which came across as a bizarre imaginary view of what Idaho is in her mind. She claimed to be acting realistically, with the whole, "trust me I have 20 years of experience" line (any attorney who says this should absolutely not be trusted). 100% avoid, there were just so many red flags with Alexandria, the worst consultation I've had by far.


